In a peaceful valley lived a boy named Shan. Shan might be laziest and clumsiest but secretly dreams of becoming a kung fu legend. The boy's family will be in extreme poverty, helplessness causes the boy to sleep in his family's boat. In his free time he has the company of his friends who, just like the boy, help their father with their daily chores or work in small jobs for very little money to support their living.

One evening, they are informed that a celebration was taking place at the temple of masters that was high above in the mountains. Shan gets very excited but does not show it and insists his friends that they should go as it was open for public. The next day, they get ready to go to the celebration, however Shan's friends are hesitant to go as they were from a low class and discredited families. But Shan was very determined and excited to go. When they looked up from the start of the stairs, all they could see was endless stairs disappearing in the clouds. Looking at this his friends decide not to go and would rather support their family with the daily chores. Shan requests his friends to join him but it fails and Shan ends up going alone. Shan is very very excited but at the same time is scared that he will not be allowed, yet he continues. Enjoying the view from high up from the stairs the Shan slows down and as he reaches the end he realizes he is late and the gates have closed. Gazing around the temple he is lost in a residence and eventually reaches to a courtyard where ancient kung fu artefacts are placed far away from where the public were. One of the masters, a very old man around the age of 90's enters the courtyard looks at Shan, he pauses for a bit. They get into a conversation and the old man takes Shan for a walk. After a long conversation, Shan opens up about his love for Kung Fu and would like to learn. Hearing this the old man accepts to teach him only on condition that he might not be able to see his family or friends everyday.

Shan had the intention to learn and did not want to give up such an oppurtunity, and immediately accepts to the condition. Shan is shown around the temple and finally to his own living quarters. Shan observes that he is neglected by other students as they thought he did not deserve a place with them. Shan continues to be kind to them an The boy leaves his old life behind to be trained. Through endless training and determination, Shen becomes the prime Kung Fu warrior and the protector of the city.

Invasion from a neighbouring kingdom sets distress in the city and everyone including the kung fu masters and students were advised to leave as the army had outnumbered them. Shan who is now a grown up makes many attempts to stop everyone from leaving and orders them to fight back. Through a strategic plan using gorilla warfare and booby traps around the city Shan destroys the army even before they could cause serious damage to the city.

Since it is a make your own adventure game, there are a lot of places in the story where the user has to choose options that may change the way the story goes. As Shan as the protagnist, all the options the user chooses decides what the boy says or does. The story may end very quick if the user chooses options such that which demotivates the boy and Shan evetually ends up giving kung fu and continues to become an fisherman just like his father. It is also planned to add simple puzzle games into the story when Shan is playing with his friends and helping his father. Still unsure what type of mini games would fit in the story.

Through researching, visited multiple websites that match my similar idea. A very simple make-your-own-adventure game called brevity quest made by Chris Longhurst in 2017, has given me an idea of how a very simple website with a good story makes it very intresting for the user. It is an RPG where you can choose between three different character classes, has several storylines and mutually exclusive which adds replayability. The game allows you to choose your character and accordingly the story continues. The actions of your character changes the outcome of the story. It is very minimalist so there are not many features accompanying apart from rewinding back to the previous options in case you did not like the outcome. he website made is very boring, it has a plain background and default text is used which does not retain the users attention for long.
